For official use only
Model
Request For Proposal
for
Agreement for Procurement of Power
Government of India
For official use only
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 iii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
S. No. Contents Page No.
Letter of Invitation vii
Disclaimer ix
Glossary xi
1 Introduction 1
1.1 Background 1
1.2 Brief description of Bidding Process 2
1.3 Schedule of Bidding Process 3
2 Instructions to Bidders 5
A General 5
2.1 General terms of Bidding 5
2.2 Change in Ownership 6
2.3 Cost of Bidding 7
2.4 Verification of information 7
2.5 Verification and Disqualification 7
B Documents 8
2.6 Contents of the RFP 8
2.7 Clarifications 9
2.8 Amendment of RFP 9
C Preparation and Submission of Bids 10
2.9 Format and Signing of Bid 10
2.10 Sealing and Marking of Bids 10
2.11 Bid Due Date 11
2.12 Late Bids 11
2.13 Contents of the Bid 11
2.14 Modifications/ Substitution/ Withdrawal of Bids 12
2.15 Rejection of Bids 12
2.16 Validity of Bids 12
2.17 Confidentiality 12
2.18 Correspondence with the Bidder 13
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 iv
D Bid Security 13
2.19 Bid Security 13
3 Evaluation of Bids 15
3.1 Opening and Evaluation of Bids 15
3.2 Tests of responsiveness 15
3.3 Selection of Bidder 15
3.4 Contacts during Bid Evaluation 16
3.5 Bid Parameter 17
4 Fraud and Corrupt Practices 20
5 Pre-Bid Conference 22
6 Miscellaneous 23
Appendices
I Letter comprising the Bid 24
II Bank Guarantee for Bid Security 29
III Power of Attorney for signing of Bid 32
IV List of Bid-specific Clauses 34
V List of Project-specific Clauses 35
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 v
Model
Request for Proposal (RFP)
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 vi
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 vii
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE UTILITY]
LETTER OF INVITATION
Dated ……….
To,
…………………
…………………
…………………
Sub: RFP for ***** Project
Dear Sir,
Pursuant to your application in response to our Request for Qualification for
the abovesaid project (the "RFQ "), you were short listed as a Bidder, and asked vide
our letter dated …………. to remit the fee for RFP document (the “RFP”) within three
days. We acknowledge your remittance of [Rs. 100,000 (Rs. one lakh only)]1
as the
cost of procuring the RFP documents, which are enclosed.
You are requested to participate in the Bid Stage and submit your financial
proposal (the "Bid”) for the aforesaid project in accordance with the RFP.
Please note that the Utility reserves the right to accept or reject all or any of
the bids without assigning any reason whatsoever.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
(Signature, name and designation of the Signatory)

1 To be fixed at the rate of Rs 50,000 (Rupees fifty thousand) for every 100 MW of capacity to be
procured. The Utility may, in its discretion, increase this amount by upto 50% thereof.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 viii
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 ix
DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this Request for Proposal document (the “RFP”) or
subsequently provided to Bidder(s), whether verbally or in documentary or any other form by
or on behalf of the Utility or any of its employees or advisors, is provided to Bidder(s) on the
terms and conditions set out in this RFP and such other terms and conditions subject to which
such information is provided.
This RFP is not an agreement and is neither an offer nor invitation by the Utility to the
prospective Bidders or any other person. The purpose of this RFP is to provide interested
parties with information that may be useful to them in making their financial offers (Bids)
pursuant to this RFP. This RFP includes statements, which reflect various assumptions and
assessments arrived at by the Utility in relation to the Project. Such assumptions, assessments
and statements do not purport to contain all the information that each Bidder may require.
This RFP may not be appropriate for all persons, and it is not possible for the Utility, its
employees or advisors to consider the investment objectives, financial situation and particular
needs of each party who reads or uses this RFP. The assumptions, assessments, statements
and information contained in the Bidding Documents, may not be complete, accurate,
adequate or correct. Each Bidder should, therefore, conduct its own investigations and
analysis and should check the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, reliability and completeness
of the assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this RFP and
obtain independent advice from appropriate sources.
Information provided in this RFP to the Bidder(s) is on a wide range of matters, some of
which may depend upon interpretation of law. The information given is not intended to be an
exhaustive account of statutory requirements and should not be regarded as a complete or
authoritative statement of law. The Utility accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or
otherwise for any interpretation or opinion on law expressed herein.
The Utility, its employees and advisors make no representation or warranty and shall have no
liability to any person, including any Applicant or Bidder under any law, statute, rules or
regulations or tort, principles of restitution or unjust enrichment or otherwise for any loss,
damages, cost or expense which may arise from or be incurred or suffered on account of
anything contained in this RFP or otherwise, including the accuracy, adequacy, correctness,
completeness or reliability of the RFP and any assessment, assumption, statement or
information contained therein or deemed to form part of this RFP or arising in any way for
participation in this Bid Stage.
The Utility also accepts no liability of any nature whether resulting from negligence or
otherwise howsoever caused arising from reliance of any Bidder upon the statements
contained in this RFP.
The Utility may in its absolute discretion, but without being under any obligation to do so,
update, amend or supplement the information, assessment or assumptions contained in this
RFP.
The issue of this RFP does not imply that the Utility is bound to select a Bidder or to appoint
the Selected Bidder or Supplier, as the case may be, for the Project and the Utility reserves
the right to reject all or any of the Bidders or Bids without assigning any reason whatsoever.
The Bidder shall bear all its costs associated with or relating to the preparation and
submission of its Bid including but not limited to preparation, copying, postage, delivery
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 x
fees, expenses associated with any demonstrations or presentations which may be required by
the Utility or any other costs incurred in connection with or relating to its Bid. All such costs
and expenses will remain with the Bidder and the Utility shall not be liable in any manner
whatsoever for the same or for any other costs or other expenses incurred by a Bidder in
preparation or submission of the Bid, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the Bidding
Process.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 xi
GLOSSARY
APP As defined in Clause 1.1.2
Associate As defined in Clause 2.1.12
Bank Guarantee As defined in Clause 2.19.1
Bid(s) As defined in Clause 1.2.2
Bidders As defined in Clause 1.2.2
Bidding Documents As defined in Clause 1.1.7
Bid Due Date As defined in Clause 1.1.7
Bidding Process As defined in Clause 1.2.1
Bid Security As defined in Clause 1.2.4
Bid Stage As defined in Clause 1.2.1
Contract As defined in Clause 1.1.5
FOO As defined in Clause 1.1.1
Demand Draft As defined in Clause 2.19.2
Government Government of *****
Lowest Bidder As defined in Clause 1.2.6
LOA As defined in Clause 3.3.5
PPP Public Private Partnership
Project As defined in Clause 1.1.1
Re. or Rs. or INR Indian Rupee
RFP or Request for Proposals As defined in the Disclaimer
RFQ As defined in Clause 2.1.2
Selected Bidder As defined in Clause 3.3.1
Supplier As defined in Clause 1.1.2
Tariff As defined in Clause 1.2.6
Utility As defined in Clause 1.1.1
The words and expressions beginning with capital letters and defined in this document shall, unless
repugnant to the context, have the meaning ascribed thereto hereinabove. The words and expressions
beginning with capital letters and not defined herein, but defined in the RFQ, shall, unless repugnant to the
context, have the meaning ascribed thereto therein.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 xii
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 xiii
Invitation for Proposal
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 xiv
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 1
[Name of Utility]
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background2
1.1.1 The [***3 Distribution Company]
4
(the “Utility”) is engaged in the
distribution of electricity and as part of this endeavour, the Utility has decided
to procure electricity from a power generating station that would dedicate a
contracted capacity of *** MW for production of electricity and supply
thereof for a period of [5 (five)]
5
years [during peak hours of the day
comprising 2 (two) hours upto or before 10:00 (ten hundred) hours in the
morning and 4 (four) hours from or after 17:00 (seventeen hundred) hours in
the evening]6
(the “Project”) through Public Private Partnership (the “PPP”)
on Finance, Own and Operate (the "FOO") basis, and has therefore decided to
carry out the bidding process for selection of a corporate entity as the Bidder
to whom the contract may be awarded for production of electricity and supply
thereof as per the terms and conditions specified in the Bidding Documents.
Brief particulars of the Project are as follows:
Capacity Required
(in MW)
Period when supply must
commence
*** [*** months from date of RFQ]
1.1.2 The Selected Bidder (the “Supplier”), shall be responsible for financing,
construction, operation and maintenance of the Power Station for production
of electricity and supply thereof under and in accordance with the provisions
of a medium-term Agreement for procurement of power (the “Agreement for
Procurement of Power” or the “APP”) to be entered into between the
Selected Bidder and the Utility in the form provided by the Utility as part of
the Bidding Documents pursuant hereto.
1.1.3 The scope of work will broadly include financing, operation and maintenance
of the Power Station and supply of power in accordance with the terms in the
APP.
1.1.4 Applicants may bid for the capacity specified in Clause 1.1.1, or a part thereof,
not being less than 50% (fifty per cent) of such capacity.

2
Serially numbered footnotes are for guidance of the Utility and should be omitted prior to issue of
RFP. Footnotes marked in non-numerical characters shall be retained in the RFP.
3Wherever asterisk is used, it should be substituted by project-specific details prior to issue of RFP.
4 All project-specific provisions in this document have been enclosed in square parenthesis and may be
modified, as necessary. The square parenthesis should be removed after carrying out the required
modifications. The curly parenthesis including the provisions contained therein, and all blank spaces
shall be retained in the RFP document to be issued to the Bidders. They should be suitably modified/
filled up by the respective Bidders to reflect the particulars relating to such Bidders.
5To be fixed between 1 (one) and 5 (five) years.
6 The words in square parenthesis may be omitted in case procurement is not confined to Peak Hours.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 2
1.1.5 The APP sets forth the detailed terms and conditions for grant of the contract
to the Supplier, including the scope of the Supplier‟s services and obligations
(the “Contract”).
1.1.6 The statements and explanations contained in this RFP are intended to provide
a better understanding to the Bidders about the subject matter of this RFP and
should not be construed or interpreted as limiting in any way or manner the
scope of services and obligations of the Supplier set forth in the APP or the
Utility‟s rights to amend, alter, change, supplement or clarify the scope of
work, the Contract to be awarded pursuant to this RFP or the terms thereof or
herein contained. Consequently, any omissions, conflicts or contradictions in
the Bidding Documents including this RFP are to be noted, interpreted and
applied appropriately to give effect to this intent, and no claims on that
account shall be entertained by the Utility.
1.1.7 The Utility shall receive Bids pursuant to this RFP in accordance with the
terms set forth in this RFP and other documents to be provided by the Utility
pursuant to this RFP, as modified, altered, amended and clarified from time to
time by the Utility (collectively the "Bidding Documents"), and all Bids shall
be prepared and submitted in accordance with such terms on or before the date
specified in Clause 1.3 for submission of Bids (the “Bid Due Date”).
1.2 Brief description of Bidding Process
1.2.1 The Utility has adopted a two-stage process (collectively referred to as the
"Bidding Process") for selection of the Bidder for award of the Project. The
first stage (the "Qualification Stage") of the process involved prequalification of interested parties in accordance with the provisions of the
RFQ. At the end of the Qualification Stage, the Utility short-listed Applicants
who are eligible for participation in this second stage of the Bidding Process
(the “Bid Stage”) comprising Request for Proposals.
1.2.2 In the Bid Stage, the aforesaid short-listed Applicants, including their
successors, (the "Bidders”) are being called upon to submit their financial
offers (the “Bids”) in accordance with the terms specified in the Bidding
Documents. The Bid shall be valid for a period of not less than 120 days from
the date specified in Clause 1.3 for submission of bids (the “Bid Due Date”).
1.2.3 The Bidding Documents include the draft APP for the Project [which is
enclosed/ which will be provided to the Bidders on or near about ***]7
.
Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.1.3, the aforesaid documents and any
addenda issued subsequent to this RFP Document, will be deemed to form part
of the Bidding Documents.
1.2.4 A Bidder is required to deposit, along with its Bid, a bid security of [Rs. 5 lakh
(Rupees five lakh) per MW of capacity offered by the Bidder]8
(the "Bid
Security"), refundable not later than 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due Date,

7 The APP should either be provided along with the RFP or at least 45 days before the Bid Due Date
and 21 days before the Pre-Bid Conference.
8The Utility may prescribe a bid security not exceeding Rs. 5 lakh per MW. It may reduce the bid
security, but not less than Rs 2 lakh per MW, in any case.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 3
except in the case of the Selected Bidder whose Bid Security shall be retained
till it has provided a Performance Security under the APP. The Bidders will
have an option to provide Bid Security in the form of a demand draft or a bank
guarantee acceptable to the Utility, and in such event, the validity period of the
demand draft or bank guarantee, as the case may be, shall not be less than 180
(one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, inclusive of a claim
period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as may be mutually agreed
between the Utility and the Bidder from time to time. The Bid shall be
summarily rejected if it is not accompanied by the Bid Security.
1.2.5 During the Bid Stage, Bidders are invited to examine the Bidding Documents
in greater detail, and to carry out, at their cost, such studies as may be required
for submitting their respective Bids for award of the Contract including
implementation of the Project.
1.2.6 Bids are invited for the Project on the basis of a tariff to be offered by a Bidder
for and in respect of the Project. For the purposes of evaluation hereunder, the
Fixed Charge [and Variable Charge] shall constitute the tariff for the Power
Station (the “Tariff”). [The cost of Fuel, transportation thereof and the
transmission losses shall form part of the Variable Charge.] The contract
period shall be pre-determined and specified in the Bidding Documents.
In this RFP, the term “Lowest Bidder” shall mean the Bidder who is offering
the lowest Tariff.
1.2.7 Generally, the Lowest Bidder shall be the Selected Bidder. The remaining
Bidders shall be kept in reserve and may, in accordance with the process
specified in Clause 3 of this RFP, be invited to match the Bid submitted by the
Lowest Bidder in case such Lowest Bidder withdraws or is not selected for
any reason. In the event that none of the other Bidders match the Bid of the
Lowest Bidder, the Utility may, in its discretion, either invite fresh Bids from
the remaining Bidders or annul the Bidding Process.
1.2.8 Further and other details of the process to be followed at the Bid Stage and the
terms thereof are spelt out in this RFP.
1.2.9 Any queries or request for additional information concerning this RFP shall be
submitted in writing or by fax and e-mail to the officer designated in Clause
2.10.5 below. The envelopes/ communication shall clearly bear the following
identification/ title:
"Queries/Request for Additional Information: RFP for ***** Project".
1.3 Schedule of Bidding Process
The Utility shall endeavour to adhere to the following schedule:
Event Description Date
1. Last date for receiving queries [12 days from the date of RFP]
2. Pre-Bid meeting [To be specified]
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 4
3. Utility response to queries latest by [20 days from the date of RFP]
4. Bid Due Date [30 days from the date of RFP]
5. Opening of Bids On Bid Due Date [at least 30 days
from the date of RFP]
6. Letter of Award (LOA) Within 10 days of Bid Due Date
7. Validity of Bids 60 days of Bid Due Date
8.
Signing of APP Within 10 days of award of LOA
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 5
2. INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
A. GENERAL
2.1. General terms of Bidding
2.1.1 No Bidder shall submit more than one Bid for the Project.
2.1.2 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms not defined in this RFP, but
defined in the Request for Qualification document for the Project (the “RFQ”)
shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the RFQ.
2.1.3 The Bidders are expected to carry out their own surveys, investigations and
other detailed examination of the Project before submitting their Bids. Any
variations or deviations found subsequently shall not confer any right on the
Bidders, and the Utility shall have no liability whatsoever in relation to or
arising out of any variations or deviations detected subsequently.
2.1.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this RFP, the detailed
terms specified in the draft APP shall have overriding effect; provided,
however, that any conditions or obligations imposed on the Bidder hereunder
shall continue to have effect in addition to its obligations under the APP.
2.1.5 The Bid should be furnished in the format at Appendix–I, clearly indicating
the bid amount in both figures and words, in Indian Rupees, and signed by the
Bidder‟s authorised signatory. In the event of any difference between figures
and words, the amount indicated in words shall be taken into account.
2.1.6 The Bid shall consist of a Tariff to be quoted by the Bidder, as per the terms
and conditions of this RFP and the provisions of the APP.
2.1.7 The Bidder shall deposit a Bid Security as specified in Clause 1.2.4 of this
RFP. The Bidder has the option to provide the Bid Security either as a
Demand Draft or in the form of a Bank Guarantee acceptable to the Utility, as
per format at Appendix–II.
2.1.8 The validity period of the Bank Guarantee or Demand Draft, as the case may
be, shall not be less than 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due
Date, inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as
may be mutually agreed between the Utility and the Bidder. The Bid shall be
summarily rejected if it is not accompanied by the Bid Security. The Bid
Security shall be refundable no later than 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due
Date except in the case of the Selected Bidder whose Bid Security shall be
retained till it has provided a Performance Security under the APP.
2.1.9 The Bidder should submit a Power of Attorney as per the format at Appendix–
III, authorising the signatory of the Bid to commit the Bidder.
2.1.10 Any condition or qualification or any other stipulation contained in the Bid
shall render the Bid liable to rejection as a non-responsive Bid.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 6
2.1.11 The Bid and all communications in relation to or concerning the Bidding
Documents and the Bid shall be in English language.
2.1.12 The documents including this RFP and all attached documents, provided by
the Utility are and shall remain or become the property of the Utility and are
transmitted to the Bidders solely for the purpose of preparation and the
submission of a Bid in accordance herewith. Bidders are to treat all
information as strictly confidential and shall not use it for any purpose other
than for preparation and submission of their Bid. The provisions of this Clause
2.1.12 shall also apply mutatis mutandis to Bids and all other documents
submitted by the Bidders, and the Utility will not return to the Bidders any
Bid, document or any information provided along therewith.
For purposes of this RFP, Associate means, in relation to the Bidder, a person
who controls, is controlled by, or is under the common control with such
Bidder (the “Associate”). As used in this definition, the expression “control”
means, with respect to a person which is a company or corporation, the
ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% (fifty per cent) of the
voting shares of such person, and with respect to a person which is not a
company or corporation, the power to direct the management and policies of
such person by operation of law.
2.1.13 This RFP is not transferable.
2.1.14 Any award of Contract pursuant to this RFP shall be subject to the terms of
Bidding Documents.
2.1.15 [Other Bid conditions shall include:***]9
2.2 Change in Ownership
By submitting the Bid, the Bidder shall be deemed to have acknowledged and
agreed that in the event of a change in control of an Associate whose
Technical Capacity and/ or Financial Capacity was taken into consideration
for the purposes of pre-qualification under and in accordance with the RFQ,
the Bidder shall be deemed to have knowledge of the same and shall be
required to inform the Utility forthwith along with all relevant particulars
about the same and the Utility may, in its sole discretion, disqualify the Bidder
or withdraw the LOA from the Selected Bidder, as the case may be. In the
event such change in control occurs after signing of the APP but prior to the
Appointed Date of the Project, it would, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in the APP, be deemed to be a breach of the APP, and the
same shall be liable to be terminated without the Utility being liable in any
manner whatsoever to the Supplier. In such an event, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the APP, the Utility shall be entitled to
forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case
may be, as Damages, without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may
be available to the Utility under the Bidding Documents and/ or the APP or
otherwise.

9Other Project specific conditions of bidding or restrictions, if any, may be stated here, such as a limit
on the supply of power that may be contracted with a Bidder.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 7
2.3 Cost of Bidding
The Bidders shall be responsible for all of the costs associated with the
preparation of their Bids and their participation in the Bidding Process. The
Utility will not be responsible or in any way liable for such costs, regardless of
the conduct or outcome of the Bidding Process.
2.4 Verification of information
2.4.1 Bidders are encouraged to submit their respective Bids after familiarising
themselves with the information and physical conditions relevant to the
Project, including the transmission capacity, applicable laws and regulations,
and any other matter considered relevant by them.
2.4.2 It shall be deemed that by submitting a Bid, the Bidder has:
(a) made a complete and careful examination of the Bidding Documents;
(b) received all relevant information requested from the Utility;
(c) accepted the risk of inadequacy, error or mistake in the information
provided in the Bidding Documents or furnished by or on behalf of the
Utility relating to any of the matters referred to in Clause 2.4.1 above;
(d) satisfied itself about all matters, things and information including
matters referred to in Clause 2.4.1 hereinabove necessary and required
for submitting an informed Bid, execution of the Project in accordance
with the Bidding Documents and performance of all of its obligations
thereunder;
(e) acknowledged and agreed that inadequacy, lack of completeness or
incorrectness of information provided in the Bidding Documents or
ignorance of any of the matters referred to in Clause 2.5.1 hereinabove
shall not be a basis for any claim for compensation, damages,
extension of time for performance of its obligations, loss of profits etc.
from the Utility, or a ground for termination of the APP by the
Supplier; and
(f) agreed to be bound by the undertakings provided by it under and in
terms hereof.
2.4.3 The Utility shall not be liable for any omission, mistake or error in respect of
any of the above or on account of any matter or thing arising out of or
concerning or relating to RFP, RFQ, the Bidding Documents or the Bidding
Process, including any error or mistake therein or in any information or data
given by the Utility.
2.5 Verification and Disqualification
2.5.1 The Utility reserves the right to verify all statements, information and
documents submitted by the Bidder in response to the RFQ, the RFP or the
Bidding Documents and the Bidder shall, when so required by the Utility,
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 8
make available all such information, evidence and documents as may be
necessary for such verification. Any such verification or lack of such
verification, by the Utility shall not relieve the Bidder of its obligations or
liabilities hereunder nor will it affect any rights of the Utility thereunder.
2.5.2 The Utility reserves the right to reject any Bid and appropriate the Bid
Security if:
(a) at any time, a material misrepresentation is made or uncovered, or
(b) the Bidder does not provide, within the time specified by the Utility, the
supplemental information sought by the Utility for evaluation of the Bid.
Such misrepresentation/ improper response shall lead to the disqualification of
the Bidder. If such disqualification / rejection occurs after the Bids have been
opened and the Lowest Bidder gets disqualified / rejected, then the Utility
reserves the right to:
(i) invite the remaining Bidders to submit their Bids in accordance with
Clauses 3.3.3 and 3.3.4; or
(ii) take any such measure as may be deemed fit in the sole discretion of
the Utility, including annulment of the Bidding Process.
2.5.3 In case it is found during the evaluation or at any time before signing of the
APP or after its execution and during the period of subsistence thereof,
including the Contract thereby granted by the Utility, that one or more of the
pre-qualification conditions have not been met by the Bidder, or the Bidder
has made material misrepresentation or has given any materially incorrect or
false information, the Bidder shall be disqualified forthwith if not yet
appointed as the Supplier either by issue of the LOA or entering into of the
APP, and if the Selected Bidder has already been issued the LOA or has
entered into the APP, as the case may be, the same shall, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained therein or in this RFP, be liable to be
terminated, by a communication in writing by the Utility to the Selected
Bidder or the Supplier, as the case may be, without the Utility being liable in
any manner whatsoever to the Selected Bidder or Supplier. In such an event,
the Utility shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or
Performance Security, as the case may be, as Damages, without prejudice to
any other right or remedy that may be available to the Utility under the
Bidding Documents and/ or the APP, or otherwise.
B. DOCUMENTS
2.6 Contents of the RFP
2.6.1 This RFP comprises the Disclaimer set forth hereinabove, the contents as
listed below, and will additionally include any Addenda issued in accordance
with Clause 2.8.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 9
Invitation for Bids
Section 1. Introduction
Section 2. Instructions to Bidders
Section 3. Evaluation of Bids
Section 4. Fraud and Corrupt Practices
Section 5. Pre-Bid Conference
Section 6. Miscellaneous
Appendices
I. Letter comprising the Bid
II. Bank Guarantee for Bid Security
III. Power of Attorney for signing of Bid
2.6.2 The draft APP provided by the Utility as part of the Bidding Documents shall
be deemed to be part of this RFP.
2.7 Clarifications
2.7.1 Bidders requiring any clarification on the RFP may notify the Utility in
writing or by fax and e-mail in accordance with Clause 1.2.9. They should
send in their queries on or before the date mentioned in the Schedule of
Bidding Process specified in Clause 1.3. The Utility shall endeavour to
respond to the queries within the period specified therein, but no later than 7
(seven) days prior to the Bid Due Date. The responses will be sent by fax or email. The Utility will forward all the queries and its responses thereto, to all
Bidders without identifying the source of queries.
2.7.2 The Utility shall endeavour to respond to the questions raised or clarifications
sought by the Bidders. However, the Utility reserves the right not to respond
to any question or provide any clarification, in its sole discretion, and nothing
in this Clause shall be taken or read as compelling or requiring the Utility to
respond to any question or to provide any clarification.
2.7.3 The Utility may also on its own motion, if deemed necessary, issue
interpretations and clarifications to all Bidders. All clarifications and
interpretations issued by the Utility shall be deemed to be part of the Bidding
Documents. Verbal clarifications and information given by Utility or its
employees or representatives shall not in any way or manner be binding on the
Utility.
2.8 Amendment of RFP
2.8.1 At any time prior to the Bid Due Date, the Utility may, for any reason,
whether at its own initiative or in response to clarifications requested by a
Bidder, modify the RFP by the issuance of Addenda.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 10
2.8.2 Any Addendum issued hereunder will be in writing and shall be sent to all the
Bidders.
2.8.3 In order to afford the Bidders a reasonable time for taking an Addendum into
account, or for any other reason, the Utility may, in its sole discretion, extend
the Bid Due Date$
.
C. PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
2.9 Format and Signing of Bid
2.9.1 The Bidder shall provide all the information sought under this RFP. The
Utility will evaluate only those Bids that are received in the required formats
and complete in all respects.
2.9.2 The Bid and its copy shall be typed or written in indelible ink and signed by
the authorised signatory of the Bidder who shall also initial each page, in blue
ink. In case of printed and published documents, only the cover shall be
initialled. All the alterations, omissions, additions or any other amendments
made to the Bid shall be initialled by the person(s) signing the Bid.
2.10 Sealing and Marking of Bids
2.10.1 The Bidder shall submit the Bid in the format specified at Appendix-I, and
seal it in an envelope and mark the envelope as “BID”.
2.10.2 The documents accompanying the Bid shall be placed in a separate envelope
and marked as “Enclosures of the Bid”. The documents shall include:
(a) Bid Security in the format at Appendix–II;
(b) Power of Attorney for signing of Bid in the format at Appendix–III;
and
(c) A copy of the APP with each page initialled by the person signing the
Bid in pursuance of the Power of Attorney referred to in Clause (b)
hereinabove.
2.10.3 A true copy of the documents accompanying the Bid, as specified in Clause
2.10.2 (a), (b) and (c) above, shall be bound together and a copy of the APP as
specified in Clause 2.10.2 (c) shall be bound separately. The pages in copy
shall be numbered serially and every page shall be initialled in blue ink by the
authorised signatory of the Bidder. This copy of the documents shall be placed
in a separate envelope and marked “Copy of Documents”.
2.10.4 The three envelopes specified in Clauses 2.10.1, 2.10.2 and 2.10.3 shall be
placed in an outer envelope, which shall be sealed. Each of the four envelopes
shall clearly bear the following identification:

$ While extending the Bid Due Date on account of an addendum, the Utility shall have due regard for
the time required by Bidders to address the amendments specified therein. In the case of significant
amendments, at least 15 (fifteen) days shall be provided between the date of amendment and the Bid
Due Date, and in the case of minor amendments, at least 7 (seven) days shall be provided.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 11
“Bid for the ***** Project”
and shall clearly indicate the name and address of the Bidder. In addition, the
Bid Due Date should be indicated on the right hand top corner of each of the
envelopes.
2.10.5 Each of the envelopes shall be addressed to:
ATTN. OF: Mr. ****
DESIGNATION ******
ADDRESS: *****
FAX NO: *****
E-MAIL ADDRESS *****
2.10.6 If the envelopes are not sealed and marked as instructed above, the Utility
assumes no responsibility for the misplacement or premature opening of the
contents of the Bid submitted and consequent losses, if any, suffered by the
Bidder.
2.10.7 Bids submitted by fax, telex, telegram or e-mail shall not be entertained and
shall be rejected.
2.11 Bid Due Date
2.11.1 Bids should be submitted before 1100 hours IST on the Bid Due Date at the
address provided in Clause 2.10.5 in the manner and form as detailed in this
RFP. A receipt thereof should be obtained from the person specified at Clause
2.10.5.
2.11.2 The Utility may, in its sole discretion, extend the Bid Due Date by issuing an
Addendum in accordance with Clause 2.8 uniformly for all Bidders.
2.12 Late Bids
Bids received by the Utility after the specified time on the Bid Due Date shall
not be eligible for consideration and shall be summarily rejected.
2.13 Contents of the Bid
2.13.1 The Bid shall be furnished in the format at Appendix–I and shall consist of a
Tariff to be quoted by the Bidder. The Bidder shall specify (in Indian Rupees)
the Tariff to undertake the Project in accordance with this RFP and the
provisions of the APP.
2.13.2 Generally, the Project will be awarded to the Lowest Bidder.
2.13.3 The opening of Bids and acceptance thereof shall be substantially in
accordance with this RFP.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 12
2.13.4 The proposed APP shall be deemed to be part of the Bid.
2.14 Modifications/ Substitution/ Withdrawal of Bids
2.14.1 The Bidder may modify, substitute or withdraw its Bid after submission,
provided that written notice of the modification, substitution or withdrawal is
received by the Utility prior to the Bid Due Date. No Bid shall be modified,
substituted or withdrawn by the Bidder on or after the Bid Due Date.
2.14.2 The modification, substitution or withdrawal notice shall be prepared, sealed,
marked, and delivered in accordance with Clause 2.11, with the envelopes
being additionally marked “MODIFICATION”, “SUBSTITUTION” or
“WITHDRAWAL”, as appropriate.
2.14.3 Any alteration/ modification in the Bid or additional information supplied
subsequent to the Bid Due Date, unless the same has been expressly sought for
by the Utility, shall be disregarded.
2.15 Rejection of Bids
2.15.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in this RFP, the Utility reserves the right
to reject any Bid and to annul the Bidding Process and reject all Bids at any
time without any liability or any obligation for such acceptance, rejection or
annulment, and without assigning any reasons therefor. In the event that the
Utility rejects or annuls all the Bids, it may, in its discretion, invite all eligible
Bidders to submit fresh Bids hereunder.
2.15.2 The Utility reserves the right not to proceed with the Bidding Process at any
time, without notice or liability, and to reject any Bid without assigning any
reasons.
2.16 Validity of Bids
The Bids shall be valid for a period of not less than 120 (one hundred and
twenty) days from the Bid Due Date. The validity of Bids may be extended by
mutual consent of the respective Bidders and the Utility.
2.17 Confidentiality
Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation and
recommendation for the Bidders shall not be disclosed to any person who is
not officially concerned with the process or is not a retained professional
advisor advising the Utility in relation to, or matters arising out of, or
concerning the Bidding Process. The Utility will treat all information,
submitted as part of the Bid, in confidence and will require all those who have
access to such material to treat the same in confidence. The Utility may not
divulge any such information unless it is directed to do so by any statutory
entity that has the power under law to require its disclosure or is to enforce or
assert any right or privilege of the statutory entity and/ or the Utility or as may
be required by law or in connection with any legal process.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 13
2.18 Correspondence with the Bidder
Save and except as provided in this RFP, the Utility shall not entertain any
correspondence with any Bidder in relation to acceptance or rejection of any
Bid.
D. BID SECURITY
2.19 Bid Security
2.19.1 The Bidder shall furnish as part of its Bid, a Bid Security referred to in
Clauses 2.1.7 and 2.1.8 hereinabove in the form of a bank guarantee issued by
a nationalised bank, or a Scheduled Bank in India having a net worth of at
least Rs. 1,000 crore (Rs. one thousand crore), in favour of the Utility in the
format at Appendix–II (the “Bank Guarantee”) and having a validity period
of not less than 180 (one hundred eighty) days from the Bid Due Date,
inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as may be
mutually agreed between the Utility and the Bidder from time to time. In case
the Bank Guarantee is issued by a foreign bank outside India, confirmation of
the same by any nationalised bank in India is required. For the avoidance of
doubt, Scheduled Bank shall mean a bank as defined under Section 2(e) of the
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
2.19.2 Bid Security can also be in the form of a demand draft issued by a Scheduled
Bank in India, drawn in favour of the Utility and payable at [Delhi] (the
“Demand Draft”). The Utility shall not be liable to pay any interest on the
Bid Security deposit so made and the same shall be interest free.
2.19.3 Any Bid not accompanied by the Bid Security shall be summarily rejected by
the Utility as non-responsive.
2.19.4 Save and except as provided in Clauses 1.2.4 and 1.2.5 above, the Bid Security
of unsuccessful Bidders will be returned by the Utility, without any interest, as
promptly as possible on acceptance of the Bid of the Selected Bidder or when
the Bidding process is cancelled by the Utility, and in any case within 60
(sixty) days from the Bid Due Date. Where Bid Security has been paid by
deposit, the refund thereof shall be in the form of an account payee demand
draft in favour of the unsuccessful Bidder(s). Bidders may by specific
instructions in writing to the Utility give the name and address of the person in
whose favour the said demand draft shall be drawn by the Utility for refund,
failing which it shall be drawn in the name of the Bidder and shall be mailed
to the address given on the Bid.
2.19.5 The Selected Bidder‟s Bid Security will be returned, without any interest,
upon the Supplier signing the APP and furnishing the Performance Security in
accordance with the provisions thereof. The Utility may, at the Selected
Bidder‟s option, adjust the amount of Bid Security in the amount of
Performance Security to be provided by him in accordance with the provisions
of the APP.
2.19.6 The Utility shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security as
Damages inter alia in any of the events specified in Clause 2.19.7 herein
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 14
below. The Bidder, by submitting its Bid pursuant to this RFP, shall be
deemed to have acknowledged and confirmed that the Utility will suffer loss
and damage on account of withdrawal of its Bid or for any other default by the
Bidder during the period of Bid validity as specified in this RFP. No relaxation
of any kind on Bid Security shall be given to any Bidder.
2.19.7 The Bid Security shall be forfeited as Damages without prejudice to any other
right or remedy that may be available to the Utility under the Bidding
Documents and/ or under the APP, or otherwise, under the following
conditions:
(a) If a Bidder submits a non-responsive Bid;
(b) If a Bidder engages in a corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive
practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice as specified in
Clause 4 of this RFP;
(c) If a Bidder withdraws its Bid during the period of Bid validity as
specified in this RFP and as extended by mutual consent of the
respective Bidder(s) and the Utility;
(d) In the case of Selected Bidder, if it fails within the specified time limit-
(i) to sign and return the duplicate copy of LOA;
(ii) to sign the APP; or
(iii) to furnish the Performance Security within the period prescribed
therefor in the APP; or
(e) In case the Selected Bidder, having signed the APP, commits any
breach thereof prior to furnishing the Performance Security.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 15
3. EVALUATION OF BIDS
3.1 Opening and Evaluation of Bids
3.1.1 The Utility shall open the Bids at 1130 hours on the Bid Due Date, at the place
specified in Clause 2.10.5 and in the presence of the Bidders who choose to
attend.
3.1.2 The Utility will subsequently examine and evaluate the Bids in accordance
with the provisions set out in this Section 3.
3.1.3 To facilitate evaluation of Bids, the Utility may, at its sole discretion, seek
clarifications in writing from any Bidder regarding its Bid.
3.2 Tests of responsiveness
3.2.1 Prior to evaluation of Bids, the Utility shall determine whether each Bid is
responsive to the requirements of this RFP. A Bid shall be considered
responsive only if:
(a) it is received as per the format at Appendix–I;
(b) it is received by the Bid Due Date including any extension thereof
pursuant to Clause 2.11.2;
(c) it is signed, sealed, bound together in hard cover and marked as
stipulated in Clauses 2.9 and 2.10;
(d) it is accompanied by the Bid Security as specified in Clause 2.1.7;
(e) it is accompanied by the Power(s) of Attorney as specified in Clause
2.1.9;
(f) it contains all the information (complete in all respects) as requested in
this RFP and/or Bidding Documents (in formats same as those
specified);
(g) it does not contain any condition or qualification; and
(h) it is not non-responsive in terms hereof.
3.2.2 The Utility reserves the right to reject any Bid which is non-responsive and no
request for alteration, modification, substitution or withdrawal shall be
entertained by the Utility in respect of such Bid.
3.3 Selection of Bidder
3.3.1 Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.15.1, the Bidder whose Bid is adjudged
as responsive in terms of Clause 3.2.1 and who quotes the lowest Tariff
offered to the Utility in conformity with the provisions of Clause 3.5 shall be
declared as the selected Bidder (the “Selected Bidder”). In the event that the
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 16
Utility rejects or annuls all the Bids, it may, in its discretion, invite all eligible
Bidders to submit fresh Bids hereunder.
3.3.2 In the event that two or more Bidders quote the same amount of Tariff (the
"Tie Bidders"), the Utility shall identify the Selected Bidder by draw of lots,
which shall be conducted, with prior notice, in the presence of the Tie Bidders
who choose to attend.
3.3.3 In the event that the Lowest Bidder withdraws or is not selected for any reason
in the first instance (the “first round of bidding”), the Utility may invite all
the remaining Bidders to revalidate or extend their respective Bid Security, as
necessary, and match the Bid of the aforesaid Lowest Bidder (the “second
round of bidding”). If in the second round of bidding, only one Bidder
matches the Lowest Bidder, it shall be the Selected Bidder. If two or more
Bidders match the said Lowest Bidder in the second round of bidding, then the
Bidder whose Bid was lower as compared to other Bidder(s) in the first round
of bidding shall be the Selected Bidder. For example, if the third and fifth
lowest Bidders in the first round of bidding offer to match the said Lowest
Bidder in the second round of bidding, the said third lowest Bidder shall be the
Selected Bidder.
3.3.4 In the event that no Bidder offers to match the Lowest Bidder in the second
round of bidding as specified in Clause 3.3.3, the Utility may, in its discretion,
invite fresh Bids (the “third round of bidding”) from all Bidders except the
Lowest Bidder of the first round of bidding, or annul the Bidding Process, as
the case may be. In case the Bidders are invited in the third round of bidding to
revalidate or extend their Bid Security, as necessary, and offer fresh Bids, they
shall be eligible for submission of fresh Bids provided, however, that in such
third round of bidding only such Bids shall be eligible for consideration which
are lower than the Bid of the second lowest Bidder in the first round of
bidding.
3.3.5 After selection, a Letter of Award (the “LOA”) shall be issued, in duplicate,
by the Utility to the Selected Bidder and the Selected Bidder shall, within 7
(seven) days of the receipt of the LOA, sign and return the duplicate copy of
the LOA in acknowledgement thereof. In the event the duplicate copy of the
LOA duly signed by the Selected Bidder is not received by the stipulated date,
the Utility may, unless it consents to extension of time for submission thereof,
appropriate the Bid Security of such Bidder as Damages on account of failure
of the Selected Bidder to acknowledge the LOA, and the next eligible Bidder
may be considered.
3.3.6 After acknowledgement of the LOA as aforesaid by the Selected Bidder, it
shall cause the Supplier to execute the APP within the period prescribed in
Clause 1.3. The Selected Bidder shall not be entitled to seek any deviation,
modification or amendment in the APP.
3.4 Contacts during Bid Evaluation
Bids shall be deemed to be under consideration immediately after they are
opened and until such time the Utility makes official intimation of award/
rejection to the Bidders. While the Bids are under consideration, Bidders and/
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 17
or their representatives or other interested parties are advised to refrain, save
and except as required under the Bidding Documents, from contacting by any
means, the Utility and/ or their employees/ representatives on matters related
to the Bids under consideration.
3.5 Bid Parameter
3.5.1 The Bid shall comprise the Tariff offered by the Bidder for production and
supply of electricity to the Utility in accordance with the provisions of the
APP. The Tariff comprising the Bid shall be offered in accordance with the
provisions of Clause 3.5.2.
3.5.2 [(a) Coal from domestic market
10

Since the Bidder is expected to source Fuel from the domestic market at the
prevailing price, the cost of Fuel which shall be included in the Variable
Charge shall be a „pass through‟ in accordance with the terms of the APP.
However, the element of coal transportation shall be linked to the notified
freight of Indian Railways and revised as per the terms of the APP. The Bid
for the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed Charge and Variable
Charge, which shall be specified separately, and the Bidder seeking the lowest
Tariff shall be the Selected Bidder.]
[(b) Gas from domestic market
Since the Bidder is expected to source Fuel from the domestic market at the
prevailing price, the cost of Fuel which shall be included in the Variable
Charge shall be a „pass through‟ in accordance with the terms of the APP.
However, the element of transportation shall be linked to the charge notified
by the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board and revised as per the
terms of the APP. The Bid for the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed
Charge and Variable Charge, which shall be specified separately, and the
Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall be the Selected Bidder.]
[(c) Gas from ONGC/GAIL
Since the Bidder has entered into an agreement with ONGC/GAIL for supply
of Fuel at the notified price from its gas fields/LNG terminals, the cost of Fuel
which shall be included in the Variable Charge shall be a linked to the notified
price notified by ONGC/GAIL of the agreement and revised as per the terms
of the APP. However, the element of transportation shall be linked to the
notified charge for pipelines and revised as per the terms of the APP. The Bid
for the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed Charge and Variable
Charge, which shall be specified separately, and the Bidder seeking the lowest
Tariff shall be the Selected Bidder.]

10 Depending upon the choice of Fuel source, only the applicable Sub-clause may be retained and the remaining Subclauses should be omitted. While retaining the relevant Sub-clause, its heading shown in italics may also be omitted
along with its serial number.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 18
[(d) Supply from Hydro-electric Power Station
The Bidder shall quote a lumpsum tariff comprising of (a) Base Fixed Charge
for the Base Year as per the provisions of the APP and (b) Base Variable
Charge. The Tariff shall be revised as per the terms of the APP. The Bid for
the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed Charge and the Variable
Charge and the Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall be the Selected Bidder.]
[(e) Coal imported from international market
Since the Bidder is expected to source Fuel through imports, the Fuel Charge
shall be a „pass through‟. For the purposes of submission of Bids, the Bidders
may assume a Fuel cost equal to Rs. *** per11 KWh on the express
understanding that the actual cost of Fuel shall be a “pass through” in
accordance with the terms of the APP. The cost of transportation by sea shall
be included in the cost of Fuel and the element of inland coal transportation
shall be linked to the notified freight of Indian Railways and revised as per the
terms of the APP. The Bid for the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed
Charge and Variable Charge, which shall be specified separately, and the
Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall be the Selected Bidder.]
[(f) Gas imported from international market
Since the Bidder is expected to source Fuel through imports, the Fuel Charge
shall be a „pass through‟. For the purposes of submission of Bids, the Bidders
may assume a Fuel cost equal to Rs. *** per12 KWh on the express
understanding that the actual cost of Fuel shall be a “pass through” in
accordance with the terms of the APP. However, the element of transportation
shall be linked to the charge notified by the Petroleum and Natural Gas
Regulatory Board and revised as per the terms of the APP. The Bid for the
Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed Charge and Variable Charge,
which shall be specified separately, and the Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff
shall be the Selected Bidder.]
[(g) Coal from captive mines abroad
Since the Bidder is expected to source fuel through imports from captive
mines situated outside India, the Bid for the Project shall be the Tariff
comprising the Fixed Charge and the Variable Charge which shall be specified
separately. The cost of Fuel shall be payable as per the terms of the APP, Free
on Board (FOB), as specified in US cents and shall be revised as per the terms
of the APP.. For the purposes of evaluation of the Bid, the exchange rate to be
used for conversion into Indian Rupees shall be the mean of the buying and
selling rate quoted by the State Bank of India on the closing of the working
day that precedes the date of Bid. As specified in the APP, the freight and
transportation charges shall be payable separately in accordance with the
provisions of Clause 12.3.2 thereof. The Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall
be the selected Bidder.]

11 The Utility shall specify an indicative cost based on approximate market prices.
12 The Utility shall specify an indicative cost based on approximate market prices.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 19
[(h) Fuel imported under fixed-price Gas Contract
Since the Bidder is expected to source fuel through a fixed-price contract for
supply of gas from outside India, the Bid for the Project shall be the Tariff
comprising the Fixed Charge and the Variable Charge which shall be specified
separately. The cost of Fuel shall be payable as per the terms of the APP, Free
on Board (FOB), as specified in US cents and shall be revised as per the terms
of the APP. For the purposes of evaluation of the Bid, the exchange rate to be
used for conversion into Indian Rupees shall be the mean of the buying and
selling rate quoted by the State Bank of India on the closing of the working
day that precedes the date of Bid. As specified in the APP, the freight and
transportation charges shall be payable separately in accordance with the
provisions of Clause 12.3.2 thereof. The Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall
be the selected Bidder.]
[(i) Lumpsum Tariff
The Bidder shall quote a lumpsum tariff comprising of (a) Base Fixed Charge
for the Base Year as per the provisions of clause 11.2 of the APP and (b) Base
Variable Charge comprising of generating cost of electricity, the transmission
charges and the transmission losses. The Tariff shall be revised as per the
terms of the APP. The Bid for the Project shall, therefore, comprise the Fixed
Charge and the Variable Charge and the Bidder seeking the lowest Tariff shall
be the Selected Bidder.]
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 20
4. FRAUD AND CORRUPT PRACTICES
4.1 The Bidders and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers shall
observe the highest standard of ethics during the Bidding Process and
subsequent to the issue of the LOA and during the subsistence of the APP.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in the LOA or
the APP, the Utility may reject a Bid, withdraw the LOA, or terminate the
APP, as the case may be, without being liable in any manner whatsoever to the
Bidder or Supplier, as the case may be, if it determines that the Bidder or
Supplier, as the case may be, has, directly or indirectly or through an agent,
engaged in corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable
practice or restrictive practice in the Bidding Process. In such an event, the
Utility shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or
Performance Security, as the case may be, as Damages, without prejudice to
any other right or remedy that may be available to the Utility under the
Bidding Documents and/ or the APP, or otherwise.
4.2 Without prejudice to the rights of the Utility under Clause 4.1 hereinabove and
the rights and remedies which the Utility may have under the LOA or the APP,
or otherwise if a Bidder or Supplier, as the case may be, is found by the Utility
to have directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged or indulged in any
corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or
restrictive practice during the Bidding Process, or after the issue of the LOA or
the execution of the APP, such Bidder or Supplier shall not be eligible to
participate in any tender or RFP issued by the Utility during a period of 2
(two) years from the date such Bidder or Supplier, as the case may be, is found
by the Utility to have directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged or
indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice,
undesirable practice or restrictive practices, as the case may be.
4.3 For the purposes of this Clause 4, the following terms shall have the meaning
hereinafter respectively assigned to them:
(a) “corrupt practice” means (i) the offering, giving, receiving, or
soliciting, directly or indirectly, of anything of value to influence the
actions of any person connected with the Bidding Process (for
avoidance of doubt, offering of employment to or employing or
engaging in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any official
of the Utility who is or has been associated in any manner, directly or
indirectly, with the Bidding Process or the LOA or has dealt with
matters concerning the APP or arising therefrom, before or after the
execution thereof, at any time prior to the expiry of one year from the
date such official resigns or retires from or otherwise ceases to be in
the service of the Utility, shall be deemed to constitute influencing the
actions of a person connected with the Bidding Process); or (ii) save
and except as permitted under the Clause 2.1.15 of this RFP, engaging
in any manner whatsoever, whether during the Bidding Process or after
the issue of the LOA or after the execution of the APP, as the case may
be, any person in respect of any matter relating to the Project or the
LOA or the APP, who at any time has been or is a legal, financial or
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 21
technical adviser of the Utility in relation to any matter concerning the
Project;
(b) “fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts
or suppression of facts or disclosure of incomplete facts, in order to
influence the Bidding Process;
(c) “coercive practice” means impairing or harming, or threatening to
impair or harm, directly or indirectly, any person or property to
influence any person‟s participation or action in the Bidding Process;
(d) “undesirable practice” means (i) establishing contact with any person
connected with or employed or engaged by the Utility with the
objective of canvassing, lobbying or in any manner influencing or
attempting to influence the Bidding Process; or (ii) having a Conflict
of Interest; and
(e) “restrictive practice” means forming a cartel or arriving at any
understanding or arrangement among Bidders with the objective of
restricting or manipulating a full and fair competition in the Bidding
Process.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 22
5. PRE-BID CONFERENCE
5.1 Pre-Bid conferences of the Bidders shall be convened at the designated date,
time and place. Only those persons who have purchased the RFP document
shall be allowed to participate in the Pre-Bid Conferences. A maximum of five
representatives of each Bidder shall be allowed to participate on production of
authority letter from the Bidder.
5.2 During the course of Pre-Bid conference(s), the Bidders will be free to seek
clarifications and make suggestions for consideration of the Utility. The Utility
shall endeavour to provide clarifications and such further information as it
may, in its sole discretion, consider appropriate for facilitating a fair,
transparent and competitive Bidding Process.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 23
6. MISCELLANEOUS
6.1 The Bidding Process shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the laws of India and the Courts at [New Delhi] shall have exclusive jurisdiction
over all disputes arising under, pursuant to and/ or in connection with the
Bidding Process.
6.2 The Utility, in its sole discretion and without incurring any obligation or
liability, reserves the right, at any time, to;
(a) suspend and/ or cancel the Bidding Process and/ or amend and/ or
supplement the Bidding Process or modify the dates or other terms and
conditions relating thereto;
(b) consult with any Bidder in order to receive clarification or further
information;
(c) retain any information and/ or evidence submitted to the Utility by, on
behalf of, and/ or in relation to any Bidder; and/ or
(d) independently verify, disqualify, reject and/ or accept any and all
submissions or other information and/ or evidence submitted by or on
behalf of any Bidder.
6.3 It shall be deemed that by submitting the Bid, the Bidder agrees and releases the
Utility, its employees, agents and advisers, irrevocably, unconditionally, fully
and finally from any and all liability for claims, losses, damages, costs,
expenses or liabilities in any way related to or arising from the exercise of any
rights and/ or performance of any obligations hereunder, pursuant hereto and/ or
in connection with the Bidding Process and waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable laws, any and all rights and/ or claims it may have in
this respect, whether actual or contingent, whether present or in future.
6.4 The Bidding Documents and RFQ are to be taken as mutually explanatory and,
unless otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this RFP, in the event of any
conflict between them the priority shall be in the following order:
(a) the Bidding Documents;
(b) the RFQ.
i.e. the Bidding Documents at (a) above shall prevail over the RFQ at (b) above.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 24
APPENDIX – I
Letter comprising the Bid
(Refer Clauses 2.1.5 and 2.13)
Dated:
[The ***********,
***********
***********]
Sub: Bid for ***** Project
Dear Sir,
With reference to your RFP document dated *****$
, I/we, having examined
the Bidding Documents and understood their contents, hereby submit my/our
Bid for the aforesaid Project. The Bid is unconditional and unqualified.
2. I/ We acknowledge that the Utility will be relying on the information provided
in the Bid and the documents accompanying the Bid for selection of the
Supplier for the aforesaid Project, and we certify that all information provided
therein is true and correct; nothing has been omitted which renders such
information misleading; and all documents accompanying the Bid are true
copies of their respective originals.
3. This statement is made for the express purpose of our selection as Supplier for
the development, construction, operation and maintenance of the aforesaid
Project and for sale of power to the Utility.
4. I/ We shall make available to the Utility any additional information it may find
necessary or require to supplement or authenticate the Bid.
5. I/ We acknowledge the right of the Utility to reject our Bid without assigning
any reason or otherwise and hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, our right to challenge the same on any account whatsoever.
6. I/ We certify that in the last three years, we or our Associates have neither
failed to perform on any contract, as evidenced by imposition of a penalty by
an arbitral or judicial authority or a judicial pronouncement or arbitration
award, nor been expelled from any project or contract by any public authority
nor have had any contract terminated by any public authority for breach on our
part.
7. I/ We declare that:
(a) I/ We have examined and have no reservations to the Bidding
Documents, including any Addendum issued by the Utility; and

$All blank spaces shall be suitably filled up by the Applicant to reflect the particulars relating to such
Applicant.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 25
Appendix - I
Page 2
(b) I/ We have not directly or indirectly or through an agent engaged or
indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice,
undesirable practice or restrictive practice, as defined in Clause 4.3 of
the RFP document, in respect of any tender or request for proposal
issued by or any agreement entered into with the Utility or any other
public sector enterprise or any government, Central or State; and
(c) I/ We hereby certify that we have taken steps to ensure that in
conformity with the provisions of Section 4 of the RFP, no person
acting for us or on our behalf has engaged or will engage in any
corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable
practice or restrictive practice; and
(d) the undertakings given by us along with the Application in response to
the RFQ for the Project were true and correct as on the date of making
the Application and are also true and correct as on the Bid Due Date
and I/we shall continue to abide by them.
8. I/ We understand that you may cancel the Bidding Process at any time and that
you are neither bound to accept any Bid that you may receive nor to invite the
Bidders to Bid for the Project, without incurring any liability to the Bidders, in
accordance with Clause 2.15 of the RFP document.
9. I/ We believe that we satisfy the Net Worth criteria and meet the requirements
as specified in the RFQ document.
10. I/ We declare that we or our Associates are not a Member of a/ any other
Applicant submitting a Bid for the Project.
11. I/ We certify that in regard to matters other than security and integrity of the
country, we or any of our Associates have not been convicted by a Court of
Law or indicted or adverse orders passed by a regulatory authority which
could cast a doubt on our ability to undertake the Project or which relates to a
grave offence that outrages the moral sense of the community.
12. I/ We further certify that in regard to matters relating to security and integrity
of the country, we or any of our Associates have not been charge-sheeted by
any agency of the Government or convicted by a Court of Law.
13. I/ We further certify that no investigation by a regulatory authority is pending
either against us or against our Associates or against our CEO or any of our
directors/ managers/ employees.
£

£
In case the Applicant is unable to provide the certification specified in para 13, it may precede the
paragraph by the words, viz. “Except as specified in Schedule **** hereto”. The exceptions to the
certification or any disclosures relating thereto may be clearly stated in a Schedule to be attached to the
Application. The Utility will consider the contents of such Schedule and determine whether or not the
exceptions/disclosures are of a nature that could cast a doubt on the ability or suitability of the
Applicant to undertake the Project.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 26
Appendix - I
Page 3
14. I/ We undertake that in case due to any change in facts or circumstances
during the Bidding Process, we are attracted by the provisions of
disqualification in terms of the guidelines referred to above, we shall intimate
the Utility of the same immediately.
15. I/ We acknowledge and agree that in the event of a change in control of an
Associate whose Technical Capacity and/ or Financial Capacity was taken into
consideration for the purposes of pre-qualification under and in accordance
with the RFQ, I/We shall inform the Utility forthwith along with all relevant
particulars and the Utility may, in its sole discretion, disqualify or withdraw
the Letter of Award, as the case may be. I/We further acknowledge and agree
that in the event such change in control occurs after signing of the APP but
prior to Financial Close of the Project, it would, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained in the Agreement, be deemed a breach thereof, and the
APP shall be liable to be terminated without the Utility being liable to us in
any manner whatsoever.
16. I/ We hereby irrevocably waive any right or remedy which we may have at
any stage at law or howsoever otherwise arising to challenge or question any
decision taken by the Utility in connection with the selection of the Bidder, or
in connection with the Bidding Process itself, in respect of the above
mentioned Project and the terms and implementation thereof.
17. In the event of my/ our being declared as the Selected Bidder, I/we agree to
enter into a APP in accordance with the draft that has been provided to me/us
prior to the Bid Due Date. We agree not to seek any changes in the aforesaid
draft and agree to abide by the same.
18. I/ We have studied all the Bidding Documents carefully and also surveyed the
Site. We understand that except to the extent as expressly setforth in the APP,
we shall have no claim, right or title arising out of any documents or
information provided to us by the Utility or in respect of any matter arising out
of or relating to the Bidding Process including the award of Contract.
19. I/ We offer a Bid Security of Rs.*********** (Rupees ********** only) to
the Utility in accordance with the RFP Document.
20. The Bid Security in the form of a Demand Draft/ Bank Guarantee (strike out
whichever is not applicable) is attached.
21. The documents accompanying the Bid, as specified in Clause 2.10.2 of the
RFP, have been submitted in a separate envelope and marked as “Enclosures
of the Bid”.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 27
Appendix-1
Page 4
22. I/ We agree and understand that the Bid is subject to the provisions of the
Bidding Documents. In no case, I/we shall have any claim or right of
whatsoever nature if the Project / Contract is not awarded to me/us or our Bid
is not opened or rejected.
23. The Tariff has been quoted by me/us after taking into consideration all the
terms and conditions stated in the RFP, draft APP, our own estimates of costs
and revenues, and after a careful assessment of the site and all the conditions
that may affect the project cost and implementation of the project.
24. I/ We agree and undertake to abide by all the terms and conditions of the RFP
document.
25. I/ We undertake to feed electric supply into the grid at a point that is
economical and efficient, as determined by the RLDC or SLDC, as the case
may be.
26. I/ We undertake to bear the transmission charges and transmission losses upto
the point of delivery of electricity to the Utility from out of the Tariff offered
below and in accordance with the terms to be set forth in the APP.
27. I/ We shall keep this offer valid for 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due Date
specified in the RFP.
28. I/ We hereby submit the following Bid and offer, as on the Bid Due Date, in
accordance with the provisions of the APP and Clause 3.5 of this RFP, -
A Tariff of Rs. ………….. (Rupees …..………and paise …………)
comprising a Fixed Charge of Rs.……….. (Rupees …..……… and paise
…………$
per kWh and a Variable Charge of Rs.…………… (Rupees
…………. and paise …………… per kWh (cents@ ..... per kWh) as on the
Bid Due Date on the express understanding that the Lowest Bidder shall be
selected on the basis of the lowest Tariff offered.
In witness thereof, I/we submit this Bid under and in accordance with the terms of the
RFP document.
Yours faithfully,
Date: (Signature, name and designation of the Authorised signatory)
Place: Name and seal of Bidder

$
Paise may be quoted only in whole numbers.
@
For the purposes of evaluation of Bids for supply of electricity which includes Fuel supply from captive mines
abroad or from a fixed-price contract for supply of gas from abroad, the cost of Fuel shall be quoted in Indian rupees
and converted into US cents using the RBI Reference Rate for the working day preceding the Bid Due Date.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 28
Appendix - I
Page 5
Note: Paragraphs in curly parenthesis may be omitted by the Bidder, if not applicable
to it, or modified as necessary to reflect Bidder-specific particulars.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 29
APPENDIX – II
Bank Guarantee for Bid Security
(Refer Clauses 2.1.7 and 2.19.1)
B.G. No. Dated:
1. In consideration of you, *****, having its office at *****, (hereinafter referred
to as the “Utility”, which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the subject
or context thereof include its, successors and assigns) having agreed to receive
the Bid of …………………… (a company registered under the Companies
Act, 1956$
) and having its registered office at ………………………
((hereinafter referred to as the “Bidder” which expression shall unless it be
repugnant to the subject or context thereof include its/their executors,
administrators, successors and assigns), for the ***** Project (hereinafter
referred to as “the Project”) pursuant to the RFP Document dated ……………
issued in respect of the Project and other related documents including without
limitation the draft Agreement for Procurement of Power (the “APP”)
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “Bidding Documents”), we (Name of
the Bank) having our registered office at ……………………… and one of its
branches at …………………….. (hereinafter referred to as the “Bank”), at the
request of the Bidder, do hereby in terms of Clause 2.1.7 read with Clause
2.1.8 of the RFP Document, irrevocably, unconditionally and without
reservation guarantee the due and faithful fulfilment and compliance of the
terms and conditions of the Bidding Documents (including the RFP
Document) by the said Bidder and unconditionally and irrevocably undertake
to pay forthwith to the Utility an amount of Rs. ***** (Rupees ***** only)
(hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantee”) as our primary obligation without
any demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest and without reference to
the Bidder if the Bidder shall fail to fulfil or comply with all or any of the
terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents.
2. Any such written demand made by the Utility stating that the Bidder is in
default of the due and faithful fulfilment and compliance with the terms and
conditions contained in the Bidding Documents shall be final, conclusive and
binding on the Bank.
3. We, the Bank, do hereby unconditionally undertake to pay the amounts due
and payable under this Guarantee without any demur, reservation, recourse,
contest or protest and without any reference to the Bidder or any other person
and irrespective of whether the claim of the Utility is disputed by the Bidder or
not, merely on the first demand from the Utility stating that the amount
claimed is due to the Utility by reason of failure of the Bidder to fulfil and
comply with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents
including failure of the said Bidder to keep its Bid open during the Bid validity

$ A Bidder who is registered abroad may substitute the words, viz. of “a company registered under the
Companies Act, 1956” by the words, viz. “a company duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation”.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 30
Appendix - II
Page 2
period as setforth in the said Bidding Documents for any reason whatsoever.
Any such demand made on the Bank shall be conclusive as regards amount
due and payable by the Bank under this Guarantee. However, our liability
under this Guarantee shall be restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs. *****
(Rupees ***** only).
4. This Guarantee shall be irrevocable and remain in full force for a period of
180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due Date inclusive of a claim
period of 60 (sixty) days or for such extended period as may be mutually
agreed between the Utility and the Bidder, and agreed to by the Bank, and
shall continue to be enforceable till all amounts under this Guarantee have
been paid.
5. We, the Bank, further agree that the Utility shall be the sole judge to decide as
to whether the Bidder is in default of due and faithful fulfilment and
compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents
including, inter alia, the failure of the Bidder to keep its Bid open during the
Bid validity period set forth in the said Bidding Documents, and the decision
of the Utility that the Bidder is in default as aforesaid shall be final and
binding on us, notwithstanding any differences between the Utility and the
Bidder or any dispute pending before any Court, Tribunal, Arbitrator or any
other authority.
6. The Guarantee shall not be affected by any change in the constitution or
winding up of the Bidder or the Bank or any absorption, merger or
amalgamation of the Bidder or the Bank with any other person.
7. In order to give full effect to this Guarantee, the Utility shall be entitled to
treat the Bank as the principal debtor. The Utility shall have the fullest liberty
without affecting in any way the liability of the Bank under this Guarantee
from time to time to vary any of the terms and conditions contained in the said
Bidding Documents or to extend time for submission of the Bids or the Bid
validity period or the period for conveying acceptance of Letter of Award by
the Bidder or the period for fulfilment and compliance with all or any of the
terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents by the said
Bidder or to postpone for any time and from time to time any of the powers
exercisable by it against the said Bidder and either to enforce or forbear from
enforcing any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding
Documents or the securities available to the Utility, and the Bank shall not be
released from its liability under these presents by any exercise by the Utility of
the liberty with reference to the matters aforesaid or by reason of time being
given to the said Bidder or any other forbearance, act or omission on the part
of the Utility or any indulgence by the Utility to the said Bidder or by any
change in the constitution of the Utility or its absorption, merger or
amalgamation with any other person or any other matter or thing whatsoever
which under the law relating to sureties would but for this provision have the
effect of releasing the Bank from its such liability.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 31
Appendix - II
Page 3
8. Any notice by way of request, demand or otherwise hereunder shall be
sufficiently given or made if addressed to the Bank and sent by courier or by
registered mail to the Bank at the address set forth herein.
9. We undertake to make the payment on receipt of your notice of claim on us
addressed to [name of Bank along with branch address] and delivered at our
above branch which shall be deemed to have been duly authorised to receive
the said notice of claim.
10. It shall not be necessary for the Utility to proceed against the said Bidder
before proceeding against the Bank and the guarantee herein contained shall
be enforceable against the Bank, notwithstanding any other security which the
Utility may have obtained from the said Bidder or any other person and which
shall, at the time when proceedings are taken against the Bank hereunder, be
outstanding or unrealised.
11. We, the Bank, further undertake not to revoke this Guarantee during its
currency except with the previous express consent of the Utility in writing.
12. The Bank declares that it has power to issue this Guarantee and discharge the
obligations contemplated herein, the undersigned is duly authorised and has
full power to execute this Guarantee for and on behalf of the Bank.
13. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank‟s liability under this Guarantee shall be
restricted to Rs. *** crore (Rupees ***** crore only). The Bank shall be liable
to pay the said amount or any part thereof only if the Utility serves a written
claim on the Bank in accordance with paragraph 9 hereof, on or before [***
(indicate date falling 180 days after the Bid Due Date)].
Signed and Delivered by ………………………. Bank
By the hand of Mr./Ms …………………….., its ………………….. and authorised
official.
(Signature of the Authorised Signatory)
(Official Seal)
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 32
APPENDIX – III
Power of Attorney for signing of Bid
(Refer Clause 2.1.9)
Know all men by these presents, We, …………………………… (name of the firm
and address of the registered office) do hereby irrevocably constitute, nominate,
appoint and authorise Mr./Ms (Name), son/daughter/wife of
……………………………… and presently residing at
………………………………….., who is presently employed with us and holding the
position of ………………………….., as our true and lawful attorney (hereinafter
referred to as the “Attorney”) to do in our name and on our behalf, all such acts, deeds
and things as are necessary or required in connection with or incidental to submission
of our bid for the ***** Project proposed or being developed by the ***** (the
“Utility”) including but not limited to signing and submission of all applications, bids
and other documents and writings, participate in bidders' and other conferences and
providing information / responses to the Utility, representing us in all matters before
the Utility, signing and execution of all contracts including the Agreement for
Procurement of Power (APP) and undertakings consequent to acceptance of our bid,
and generally dealing with the Utility in all matters in connection with or relating to or
arising out of our bid for the said Project and/or upon award thereof to us and/or till
the entering into of the APP with the Utility.
AND we hereby agree to ratify and confirm and do hereby ratify and confirm all acts,
deeds and things done or caused to be done by our said Attorney pursuant to and in
exercise of the powers conferred by this Power of Attorney and that all acts, deeds
and things done by our said Attorney in exercise of the powers hereby conferred shall
and shall always be deemed to have been done by us.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF WE, ………………………….., THE ABOVE NAMED
PRINCIPAL HAVE EXECUTED THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY ON THIS
……………………… DAY OF …………………….., 20.…..
For……………………………..
(Signature, name,
designation and address)
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 33
Appendix - III
Page 2
Witnesses:
1.
2.
Accepted Notarised
(Signature, name, designation and address
of the Attorney)
Notes:
 The mode of execution of the Power of Attorney should be in accordance with the
procedure, if any, laid down by the applicable law and the charter documents of
the executant(s) and when it is so required, the same should be under common
seal affixed in accordance with the required procedure.
 Wherever required, the Bidder should submit for verification the extract of the
charter documents and documents such as a board or shareholders resolution/
power of attorney in favour of the person executing this Power of Attorney for the
delegation of power hereunder on behalf of the Bidder.
 For a Power of Attorney executed and issued overseas, the document will also
have to be legalised by the Indian Embassy and notarised in the jurisdiction where
the Power of Attorney is being issued. However, the Power of Attorney provided
by Bidders from countries that have signed the Hague Legislation Convention
1961 are not required to be legalised by the Indian Embassy if it carries a
conforming Appostille certificate.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 34
APPENDIX - IV
LIST OF BID-SPECIFIC CLAUSES£
A. Clauses with currency-based footnotes
Footnotes with “£” signs
1. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid (Paragraph 13).
Note: The above footnotes shall be removed prior to execution of the RFP.
Footnotes with “$” and/or “@” signs
1. Clause 2.8.3: Amendment of RFP
2. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid (Paragraph 1 and 28).
3. Appendix-II: Bank Guarantee for Bid Security (Paragraph 1).
Note: The above footnotes shall not be deleted. They shall remain in the RFP to be executed between the
Parties.
B. Clauses with blank spaces
1. Letter of invitation
2. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid (Paragraph 28)
3. Appendix-II: Bank Guarantee for Bid Security (Paragraph 1 and signatures)
4. Appendix-III: Power of Attorney for signing of Bid

£ This Appendix-IV contains a list of clauses and appendices that would need to be suitably modified for reflecting
applicant-specific provisions. This Appendix-IV may, therefore, be included in the RFP document to be issued to
prospective Applicants. The blank spaces in Appendices may be filled up by the Applicant and the footnotes may be
deleted when it submits its proposal.
For official use only
mrfp/app/24.01.2014 35
APPENDIX - V
LIST OF PROJECT-SPECIFIC CLAUSES13
A. Clauses with serially numbered Footnotes (Fn)
1. Letter of Invitation (Fn. 1)*
2. Clause 1.1: Background (Fn. 2)*
3. Clause 1.1.1: Background (Fn. 3, 4, 5 and 6)*
4. Clause 1.2.3: Brief description of Bidding Process (Fn. 7)*
5. Clause 1.2.4: Brief description of Bidding Process (Fn. 8)*
6. Clause 2.1.15: General terms of Bidding (Fn. 9)*
7. Clause 3.5.2: Bid Parameter: (Fn. 10)*
8. Clause 3.5.2 (e) and (f): Bid Parameter: (Fn. 11 and 12)*
9. Appendix IV: List of Project-specific clauses (Fn. 13)
*Note: The Clauses to which these Footnotes relate also include square parenthesis or asterisks, which may be
addressed simultaneously. Such square parenthesis or asterisks have not been listed in (B) or (C) below.
B. Clauses with square parenthesis
1. Introduction: Name of the Utility
2. Clause 1.2.6: Brief description of Bidding Process
3. Clause 1.3: Schedule of Bidding Process
4. Clause 2.19.2: Bid Security
5. Clause 6.1: Miscellaneous
6. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid
7. Appendix-II: Bank Guarantee for Bid Security
C. Clauses with asterisk
1. Letter of Invitation: Subject line
2. Glossary: Definition of Government
3. Clause 1.2.9: Brief description of Bidding Process
4. Clause 2.1.7: General terms of Bidding
5. Clause 2.10.4 and 2.10.5: Sealing and Marking of Bids
6. Appendix-III: Power of Attorney for signing of Bid.

13 This Appendix-V contains a list of clauses and appendices that would need to be suitably modified, prior to issue
of the RFP document, for reflecting project-specific provisions. This Appendix-V should be omitted before issuing
the RFP document to prospective Applicants.